and who are you are you a loyal well I
just just passed the bar when you got a
hell of a lot of nerve walking into my
courtroom without a license now get the
hell out of here get the license and
then you come back in law school they
don't teach you what you need to know
it's all theories and lofty notions and
big fat ethics books
what's wrong with ethics not that I
guess in the world of lawyers no very
sorry very sorry we're gonna get you a
bunch of money in the city of Memphis
that was blatant ambulance chaser right
better learn quick you're gonna starve
an incredible story is about to unfold
it really needs your help
it's dying and the crooks won't papers
treatment very sorry to be here under
these circumstances we wouldn't be here
if your clients had done what they
should have done seven prior occasions
this company has denied your claim and
rotten you must be stupid stupid stupid
the company was playing the odds what
our and I all claims for a year and most
people give up I want to expose these
people welcome to the war y'all are
gonna have your work cut out for you
jury tampering
tax evasion money laundry you name it
better watch your back
scared yeah I hope you are astonished at
the lengths to which a wealthy insurance
company will go to take money from a
low-income family and then keep advisee
minded madness
getting the big water now do you even
remember when you first sold out
skeletal twisted did it this legal
profession
[Music]
Matt Damon Claire Danes Jon Voight Mary
Kay place with Mickey Rourke and Danny
DeVito you know via head son
absolutely John Grisham's the Rainmaker
is nothing more thrilling than nailing
an insurance company
[Music]